# GDD
## Main Menu
The build will load into a main menu that shows an NPC player skating along a looping track. There will be an option to play both the tutorial or the main game along with the option to exit the game to the desktop.
## Tutorial
The tutorial will teach the player how to strafe along track lanes, avoid obstacles and pick up items while still being safe from any actual harm. The tutorial will first load into a main screen that explains the main game along with the fact that 10,000 score is needed for the final segment to show up.
## Player
The player is a randomly coloured robot with skates pointy features that balances along the track.
### Movement
The player will move by strafing left and right along the lanes with the A and D keys, however if there is a wall to the side of them, instead they will briefly be able to slide along it by holding down the direction of the wall. If holding onto the wall direction once the wall has ended, they will fall to their death.
## Segments
Random "segments" will be generated dynamically throughout a run, these are each made up of a [track](#Tracks) and props that make it fit in with the world.
When first colliding with the start of any segment, the next segment will be generated (hidden in the fog) at the end of it.
### Tracks
Tracks consist of three lanes. The middle lane is generated by the level designer using the spline tool and the other lanes generate off of that + or - the middle lane point's right vector depending on which side it is.
### Score
The score determines when the final segment will generate, to generate the final segment you must first reach 10,000 score. This can be achieved faster with [score boosters](#Score-Boost) found along the track to get a lower final time.
### Obstacles
Each [track](#Tracks) will have plenty of obstacles that will be randomly assigned a different type:
#### Duck / basic
When colliding, the player will fall off of the track with a ragdoll and a prompt to retry will show up.
#### Speed Boost
The player will receive double speed and score for 5 seconds with a zoomed out field of view.
#### Score Boost
The players current score will increase by a random amount.
